RESURRECTION ERTUGRUL
THE STORIES AND CHARACTERS DEPICTED
HERE WERE INSPIRED BY OUR HISTORY
NO ANIMALS WERE HARMED DURING
THE FILMING OF THIS PRODUCTION
Wake up, my son.
Dear God, we thank you.
What did you do, did you kill him?
Don’t kill him!
-Why did you kill him?
-What is happening here?
We learned many things from you,
your highness.
In your cities, we have to guard
our weapons and our lives as well.
Who is this man, Nasir?
A Templar.
What did you talk about during dinner?
What does he want from El Aziz?
Kayis.
They wanted a quarter to stay in winter.
Kayis must get what they want.
What do you mean? I don’t understand.
The territory they get, make it near Antioch
where the Earldom of the Crusaders is.
This is an opportunity to kill
not only Ertugrul but all his blood.
Kayis may spend the winter in the skirts
of the Amanos Mountains...
...somewhere very remote,
near the border of Antioch Countship.
This will be their last winter.
Titus, are you aware of
what you are saying?
You are playing with fire!
Do as I tell you, Nasir.
Follow them everywhere.
You will report every move he makes,
every breath he takes back to me.
Take these pigeons.
You became the hero of the tribe all of
a sudden, you don’t even talk to me now.
Suleyman Shah is not giving
his goods for us to sell.
We came to the tribe for nothing.
Come on, help me prepare the caravan.
-I am not coming.
-I don’t buy your heroic attitude, Afsin.
I took you with me while
you were starving.
I gave you food and water, made you a man!
Now you cannot turn against me.
You owe me.
-May you heal soon.
-Thank you, my Bey.
It is not very common...
...for someone to be such a good trader
and swordsman at the same time.
You fought well yesterday night
even though you were wounded!
The helper of the trader is
also just like you.
If I were a good trader, I would not have
been left out with children and no money.
As for fighting, we just know to have fun
with swords among ourselves.
That's all.
If God permits, soon we won’t be a burden anymore!
This is our only consolation,
Numan Effendi.
Our only consolation.
So, you say I owe you.
Look at me, you sneaky man!
I've worked for you like a dog for years...
...and I paid my debt to you! Now get out
of my face before I rip your head off.
Get lost!
One is a trader...
...the other one is a caravan worker.
But they are first-class swordsmen.
You found each other well.
For some reason, I don’t wonder about
who Kara Toygar’s man inside the tribe is.
What are you doing?
-Selcan.
-Stop! Don’t!
This is a sin! You cannot precede over
what God permits for you!
If we had a baby,
everything would be different.
My Hatun.
We will have a baby one day.
We should not lose hope from God.
Your mother...
...is about to crown Halime
the first chance she gets.
Selcan...
...it's enough!
You are not aware of
the things going on around you.
You don’t know the respect
she showed her in the weaving area.
She shows her the respect
she refrains from me.
She treats me as if I am not
her son’s wife but a mere servant.
Why?
Because I did not give her a grandson yet.
She hates me.
Selcan.
You are accusing my mother without reason.
That would never be her intention.
I know what goes through her mind.
Look, woman, I cannot listen to
your whining right before the caravan...
...alright? For the love of God.
-You don’t understand, do you?
I am saying that Halime and her family will stay here forever but you don’t even care about this!
God give me patience, patience.
Gundogdu came out of his rage
very quickly, thank God.
He deserved to lead the caravan.
Just like he deserved to carry wood.
If God permits, he will manage
to beat his arrogance as well.
If God permits, Hayme. If God permits.
He organized the caravan very quickly.
That is not easy at all.
He works day and night,
fighting tooth and nail.
May God let him succeed.
-Sometimes...
-Sometimes what?
-Nothing.
-Hayme, what is on your mind?
I don’t know, my Bey.
I get anxious about many things.
Don’t you worry.
They will both return safe and sound.
If God permits. If God permits.
Halime, come on,
let us go and eat something.
-Aykiz, I will come after I finish this.
-Alright, I will be waiting.
-Sister, what have you done?
-This is not the time to question me.
-What did you throw inside the cauldron?
-I am trying to save you from that girl.
Sister, what you did is not right.
Moreover, the problem is not Halime here,
it is the caravan.
Gokce, why are you so empty-headed?
Haven’t you still grasped the problem?
The biggest disaster that happened
to this tribe is that girl.
When will you understand this?
When Ertugrul weds her?
Do we have permission, my Bey?
My Bey, we put you in a difficult situation.
We want you to forgive us.
If you make a mistake like this again,
you would not find the opportunity...
...to come before me
and ask for forgiveness.
My Bey, his highness Ameer
would like to see you.
Come, the brave boy of the steppes, come.
I owe you an apology for
the things that happened last night.
Whoever is behind this attempt, my uncle
will find and punish them accordingly.
-Uncle.
-We decided to...
...give you the territory you requested,
son of a Bey.
If you want the truth,
Nasir persuaded us to do so.
Do you know this place?
West of the Asi River.
-I heard that the land was fertile.
-There are many enemies as well!
It is at the border of the people
who came to kill you last night.
So we can sleep side by side
with the devil.
Is it worth to take this risk
for your herds?
The enemy keeps us alive and alert all the time.
Awesome, awesome, awesome. I love
these braves from the steppes, uncle.
So, you want to test your fate in the face
of the scorpion needle. Is that so?
If you are so willing to sleep
side by side with the devil...
...all we can say is good luck to you.
We are impressed by
your courage once again.
When we have friends like you behind us...
...we would never refrain from
facing the enemy upfront.
Are you still thinking about
what Gokce said, Halime?
No. Why would her words concern me?
-It is between Ertugrul and Gokce.
-So you don’t care?
You have been worrying about yourself for two days!
Am I blind, Halime?
-Aykiz, please, let us focus on our work.
-Alright but...
...please don’t take that mad girl
Gokce seriously.
She is building castles in the air!
Maybe Mother Hayme and Gokce already...
Aykiz?
For it to take this color,
pheasant’s eye seeds must be added.
Halime, who would do this?
Anyhow, there is a solution
for everything.
The caravan is about to leave,
how will we make it in time?
We will, Aykiz. There is no other way.
We will make it in time.
We are leaving.
Let us go and see our tribe’s
new territory.
-Ertugrul Bey?
-So El Aziz...
Let us not make our new land wait for us.
I don’t want Gundogdu, my father in law
or Mother Hayme to know that I came here.
Don’t worry. No one will know.
Especially that man, Suleyman Shah,
will never know!
As you asked,
I brought a lock of Gundogdu’s hair.
You are the daughter of a big Bey, Selcan.
You don’t deserve these things.
Your mother in law always humiliates you and...
...your husband thinks you are not fertile…
-Enough!
Do not be ashamed of the pains you lived
through. You shall get all you deserve.
The spirit army shall fill
your stomach with the seeds of your man.
You will have a son.
And the fate of Kayi tribe will change.
Hamza, we will leave early in the morning.
Check the weapons of the Alps...
...make sure they have plenty of arrows.
-As you wish, my Bey.
-May it be easy.
-Thank you, uncle.
I thought about it and...
...I don’t think it is a good idea for you
to be going with the caravan, Gundogdu.
Why is that?
We don’t know what that Kara Toygar dog
may be up to.
Even if you take the best Alps with you,
this is very dangerous.
You are the son of a Bey. Ertugrul is not here
either and your father is ill.
It would be best if you find
a way to stay in the tribe.
Uncle, would it suit a son of a Bey
to drowse around in the tribe?
Look around you. All these people have
trusted their goods with me.
Of course, it should be
my duty to take them.
If that dog Kara Toygar makes a move, we
shall do all that we can, with God's help.
Do not worry about it.
We made everything ready, Mother Hayme.
Gokce finished the carpets.
May your hands be blessed. If God permits,
they will find their worth in the market.
And I wove this for you, Mother Hayme.
My pure girl, my clean girl.
You are one of a kind.
When did you find the time
during all this hassle?
She has not slept for days, Mother Hayme.
God bless.
Halime, what will we do?
Why did they become like this, Halime?
I am guessing that we did not use
enough dung, Mother Hayme.
We will try it again.
You did your best.
It would never be ready by the morning.
No! If necessary, we won’t sleep
to make them ready, Mother Hayme.
Do not worry.
One last hope? Alright.
May it be easy.
Welcome, son of a Bey.
I wanted Ibn Arabi's blessing
before setting off.
Sheikh Effendi already left,
don’t you know?
-To where?
-God knows.
-Won’t I see him again?
-Only God knows.
-I need to find him.
-How can you find, if you have not lost it?
How can you lose, if you have not found it?
This was the stupidest thing
you could have done, Titus.
You did not manage to revenge your brother
and made Kayis a bigger problem for us.
Sir, I did the right thing.
You did the right thing, is that so?
-I did not expect such stupidity from you.
-Sir.
I don’t understand who we are afraid of.
Of Ertugrul or the person with him...
...Ibn Arabi?
How dare you say that I am frightened?
Listen to me carefully, Titus.
We will never let the Turks
come to our borders, never!
If your desire for revenge precedes
your duty one more time...
...I would bury you beside
your brother with my own hands.
Great God, you make everything possible.
This must be heaven.
But hell is right around the corner.
Yes, beyond this territory is Antioch,
the Earldom of the Crusaders!
Secret fort of the Templars
must be somewhere around here.
Devil is everywhere, Turgut.
In our tribe, in Aleppo. Everywhere.
We will have a lot of fun, a lot!
God bless, my Bey. You can find water
under every stone you turn.
I never saw such fertile land in my life.
It will grow the babies, fatten the sheep.
It will give life to the tribe.
How did they let such
a nice land to be uninhabited?
Because it is right next to hell, Turgut.
Yes, my Bey.
Why did these Templars want to kill you?
I am guessing that they want to
avenge the knights we killed.
My Bey, so we can say that they will not let
us find peace here as well.
Forget the heretics...
...think about your wedding with Aykiz.
As soon as the tribe settles here,
our first job will be to wed you.
God willing, my Bey.
Lucky you!
If she were someone else,
she would have wed another man long ago.
My Bey...
...maybe we will have two weddings.
Our flags shall be our tents. We shall
ride our horses to borderless plains.
Our weapons shall be our lovers
and our armies shall be strong.
Our crest shall fly over seven climates
as the flag of justice.
We shall carry our divine message
beyond the mountains and seas.
You have dug your own grave!
You have been breathing down
on our necks since Aleppo.
Tell me! Who holds your leash?
He is dead!
These are messenger pigeons, my Bey.
Then, let us send them to their owner.
Dear God, thank you.
The long-awaited has come.
What nonsense are you talking about?
Didn’t you come here because of the incubus
you have Petruchio?
I don’t believe any of the prophecies
that the heretic Arabi from Andalusia told...
...my dear brother Giovanni.
Don’t call me Giovanni.
My name is Omer.
You know very well that everything
my Sheikh Ibn Arabi has said came true.
The storm of stars is the herald of the awaited leader!
Will these herd of shepherds running away
from the Mongols rule the whole world?
They will unite the whole Muslim world
as a fist.
And that fist will throw a punch,
demolishing your cursed order.
Did you take enough water, Gundogdu?
You won’t find water while passing
the Kenger Mountain.
We did, my Bey. We didn’t want to take too
much as it would be heavy for the animals.
-Good. Is there anything left behind?
-There is. Aykiz and Halime.
Let me run and check them.
They are coming.
We apologize for being late.
-Are they finished?
-All of them, Mother Hayme.
How did they turn out?
Are they worth taking to the market?
Let me see one.
How is it, Hanim, is it good?
I have never seen such vibrant colors
in my life.
Good. Load these drapes as well.
The caravan may leave.
Come.
The caravan left the village, commander.
Suleyman Shah’s son Gundogdu is leading.
Come closer. Come to me.
The flood has passed and sand is left.
Thank God! We were not helpless
in front of our husbands.
You worked very hard. After cleaning up,
you may all go and rest.
Come on now. Selcan, come with me.
There is an issue
I wanted to talk with you for a long time.
I am listening, mother.
My girl, after your mother and
father died...
...you and your sister Gokce
were entrusted with us.
I have always tried to look after you
as my own children!
May our lives be sacrificed for you,
Mother Hayme.
Have we done something bad by mistake?
Did we break your heart?
No, nothing like that. The thing I want
to say is completely different.
Gokce has grown, she got very beautiful.
She became such a young lady.
We need to wed her soon.
You are right mother, it has been on my mind
for a long time too.
Well...
...who are we going to wed her with?
If you give consent as well, Ertugrul
and Gokce should grow old together.
Please, Mother Hayme, who am I to have
a say in something like this?
Don’t say that.
You raised her since she was very little.
I wanted to ask you first.
You can inquire and see her reaction.
I will go immediately, Mother Hayme.
I am going right now.
The pigeon wing’s final destination
is the wolf’s mouth.
Suleyman Shah’s son, Ertugrul.
Attack!
We expected a big welcome
with drums and all.
-This is strange.
-Everyone must have finished their job.
The caravan must be on its way as well.
Everyone is probably resting.
You carry on. I will visit my father.
Stop!